Pony, I've raised my offer to 70 million
Don't worry, no one can report it.
Can't let your guard down
Talented and beautiful people are the top cards in the live broadcast industry
Someone must have a bad competition
Someone has quoted more than us.
What is who
Whose offer dares to exceed ours?
Xingyao Media
Newlywed Entertainment 80 million
Du Chen, he must have done it on purpose
Du Chen now invests in any stock market
Can make hundreds of millions
This money means nothing to him at all
So what do we do now?
Talented and beautiful people are at the top of the live broadcast industry
Du Chen plans to sign a contract with it to stop losses in time
Raise the offer by 120 million 120 million
This is the flow of our company for nearly a year
I still have billions in my personal account
Wait until you get the talent and beauty
With his ability
We're going to get our money back.
Ok listen to you
Mr. Du
Xingyao Media once again increased its offer by 120 million
Since they want to play
Then have fun with them